Added Teltonika EYE to iBeacon compatibility list (#27498)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ibeacon.markdown

- [NRF52810 iBeacon](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005003211033416.html)
- [Pawscout Tag](https://pawscout.com/shop/pawscout-tag/)
- [SwiftFinder](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B089MD5NP7) (Requires being paired to a phone first before it starts transmitting once a minute, otherwise it stays asleep)

> - [Teltonika EYE Teltonika EYE Sensor](https://teltonika-gps.com/products/accessories/sensors-beacons/eye) (Additional sensors such as accelerometer, temperature, etc are not compatible)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Teltonika EYE Teltonika EYE Sensor](https://teltonika-gps.com/products/accessories/sensors-beacons/eye) (Additional sensors such as accelerometer, temperature, and humidity are not compatible)
```
If possible, I would [avoid using etc.](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/etc). I know it can sometimes be tricky, but I think in this case it works well, since _such as_ already indicates that there are only a few examples listed (and the list may not be complete).
